hello how are god and itatí uribe of
compass of dotcom fashion and I have a
channel on youtube where we share topics
fashion lifestyle more travel food
and all the super cool things that we
love then I am very happy
present you my video colors I'm going to
be doing how to organize it even
in a super agile way so that
we have all the hands and we have that
creativity to create super outfits
chéveres
then I wait for you my channel of truth
that we have spent super rich then
now what I hope for you to know me
a little more ideas my videos and you
subscribe and be part of this family
remember that you find me as a compass
of fashion and so you also find me
on facebook twitter instagram
and the snap chat as tatic uribe m chao
i
with the berries on very very well the day of
today I bring you a super special video
because it's a collaboration with tati
regulated fashion video the limit of
your channel is we just in the quality of
information and together with tablet and
We decided to bring you some tips so that
Take advantage of your vacation time like this
that if we are going to start with this video and
the first type is that you devote time
yourself so you can practice your
favorite sport to do exercises and not
you have time to go to the gym you can
in your own home exercise or
just go out to a park without
breathe fresh air and another way to
dedicate time to yourself is
disconnect from the cell phone and like that
start chatting with friends and that
meet with them to share time with
your family and what I was saying has no
to be as if such a super expensive plan
but with going to the park kings in a while and
all this will make you spend a while
super nice and take advantage of their
time on vacation another way to
connect with yourself is practicing
yoga or good at least trying and so
do not be good at this, nothing more
you will not laugh a lot
You can also take advantage of the time
doing things for what you're good at
like crafts or cooking something
delicious you sell this and you get a little
money
cake
with your good habit stir well and
good especially for today's video
I hope you liked something like
that a little different in the air
free and all this so if yes you
liked this video can you give me a
like that abajito can also be
subscribe to the channel and do not forget to
go through the tati channel because it is
like a fashion channel the channel what
find how fashion compass has
like tricks and all these things
what we like
so if they wait for you there and
See you in the next video
bye I do not think I'm making the
two in front of so many people in the
last in bogotá as for someone the
ridiculous in front but shadows to make